hey you know sit tight chocolate or no
hookah - Kohaku taka a good tire be mass
good coach it I am wait Cory Akane Akane
Akane
teacup Buddha oh no no cannot exercise
I'll get my stuff
so she cute Oh Sadie this conch imma
cheat channel lucuma curse on you no no
tomate de mas don't know you GJ car
what does not today gravity me must I
look good okay
look look at today go sign this
kawaii this me now you can say hi to
mommy
in the Mercedes igano-kun ha ha
no do not go game given ideas look good
ah another day
cushingoid I know my donkey
then when you're never in there you up
then there's a nice day
ah darn it am I stuck you know I look
good blah